Once the DHT 11 sensor has been
correctly wired up to the Raspberry Pi,
I can run an application to display
sensor readings in the terminal.
This will involve running
software at github.com, Aiden,
Hyphen, Parkinson Slash DHT,
11 hyphen display.
Again, you will need to follow
instructions that can be found
in the README dot MD file.
First we download Debian Project
Dependencies using the app package manager.
Then we claim the DHT 11
hyphen display source code,
so the optional software folder.
We then set up and activate
a virtual environment.
Then we could install the Python dependencies
using the pit three package manager.
And finally run the application.
We can see a series of.
Date time to this dates and times and.
Humidity, which is relative humidity
in percentages and temperature,
which in degree Centigrade being
returned and we can also see some fail
results where the checksums of the.
Of the readings received
have not validated proper.